翻译sbp和ddp (#420)
Oneflow-Inc/oneflow-documentation: en/docs/parallelism/02_sbp.md

​
### Boxing mechanism
​
Strictly the Boxing mechanism of OneFlow is actually transparent to users. When users use OneFlow for distributed training, they do not need to know it. 
​
But some thoughtful users will ask some questions after understanding the automatic derivation of SBP Signature:
​
- With the SBP Signature automatically selected by OneFlow if the output of the upper layer operator does not match the SBP attribute of the input of the lower layer operator , what should we do?
​
For example, in the following code, the output SBP of the upper operator `matmul` was originally `split(0)`, but the input of the lower operator `matmul` was converted to `broadcast`. At this time, the SBP of upper layer's output and of lower layer's input are inconsistent.
​
```python
import oneflow as flow

> P0 = flow.placement("cuda", {0:[0,1]})

Reviewer: 在这个 PR 里随着 API 变更，更新了一波文档里的描述和代码 https://github.com/Oneflow-Inc/oneflow-documentation/pull/411

不少冲突都是因为这个 PR 和你们的改动引起的，你们对比消除下，应该大部分取  master 的结果就可以了。不确定的部分刻意再单独找我讨论

Author: 已解决

P1 = flow.placement("cuda", {1:[0,1]})
a0_sbp = flow.sbp.split(0)
b0_sbp = flow.sbp.broadcast
y0_sbp = flow.sbp.broadcast
b1_sbp = flow.sbp.split(1)
A0 = flow.randn(4, 5, placement=P0, sbp=a0_sbp)
B0 = flow.randn(5, 8, placement=P0, sbp=b0_sbp)
Y0 = flow.matmul(A0, B0)
Y0.to_consistent(placement=P1, sbp=y0_sbp)
B1 = flow.randn(8, 6, placement=P1, sbp=b1_sbp)
Y2 = flow.matmul(Y0, B1)
```
​
In this case, Oneflow will detect the inconsistency and insert an operator between the upstream output and the downstream input to do the relevant conversion work. This type of operator that is automatically added for conversion is called **Boxing operator**。
​
The corresponding relationship between the logical diagram and thephysical execution diagram of the above code is as follows:
​
![](./imgs/sbp_translation.png)
​
## Conclusion
​

> `placement` , `SBP` and `SBP Signature` are the important guarantee of OneFlow distributed consistent view, which makes OneFlow distributed training as simple as on a single machine single card. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`placement` , `SBP` and `SBP Signature` are the important guarantee of OneFlow distributed global view, which makes OneFlow distributed training as simple as on a single machine single card. 
```

已经去掉 consistent view、consistent tensor 的概念了，现在统一用 global view, global tensor

​
For the previous question, the user certainly does not need to know all the SBP Signature of the operator. It is the responsibility of  **operator author** to list all possible SBP Signature of an operator. According to the algorithm of the operator, the operator author has already listed and preset all possible SBP Signatures of the operator when developing it.
​
We can also get the answer of the second question: because there is a preset SBP Signature, as long as a certain layer operator has an input SBP, OneFlow can deduce the SBP output by this layer of operator according to the SBP Signature. The output of the upstream operator is also the input of the downstream operator. In this way, the SBP input by the downstream operator is determined, and then its output can be determined according to the SBP Signature... 
It continues to derive and propagate. So in general the user does not need to set the SBP input for each layer of the network. Explicit specification is only required when the layer is initially input, or when it is necessary to force the SBP of a specific layer.
​
The users may also have new questions:
​

> - There are multiple valid SBP Signatures for an operator. Which one will Oneflow choose when it runs? What is it based on?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- There are multiple valid SBP Signatures for an operator. Which one will Oneflow choose at the run time? What is it based on?
```

​

> For this problem, you need to understand the **SBP Signature automatic derivation** mechanism in Oneflow. The automatic derivation of SBP Signature refers to: given all the valid SBP Signatures of operators, OneFlow has a set of algorithms that will score each valid SBP Signature based on the transmission cost, and select it with the least transmission cost. This maximizes the throughput efficiency of the system

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For this problem, we need to understand the **SBP Signature automatic derivation** mechanism in Oneflow. The automatic derivation of SBP Signature refers to: given all the valid SBP Signatures of operators, OneFlow has a set of algorithms that will score each valid SBP Signature based on the transmission cost, and select it with the least transmission cost. This maximizes the throughput efficiency of the system
```

改成 we 感觉温和点。

​

> ### Boxing mechanism

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Boxing Mechanism
```

​
But some thoughtful users will ask some questions after understanding the automatic derivation of SBP Signature:
​
- With the SBP Signature automatically selected by OneFlow if the output of the upper layer operator does not match the SBP attribute of the input of the lower layer operator , what should we do?
​
For example, in the following code, the output SBP of the upper operator `matmul` was originally `split(0)`, but the input of the lower operator `matmul` was converted to `broadcast`. At this time, the SBP of upper layer's output and of lower layer's input are inconsistent.
​
```python
import oneflow as flow
P0 = flow.placement("cuda", ranks=[0, 1])
P1 = flow.placement("cuda", ranks=[2, 3])
a0_sbp = flow.sbp.split(0)
b0_sbp = flow.sbp.broadcast
y0_sbp = flow.sbp.broadcast
b1_sbp = flow.sbp.split(1)
A0 = flow.randn(4, 5, placement=P0, sbp=a0_sbp)
B0 = flow.randn(5, 8, placement=P0, sbp=b0_sbp)
Y0 = flow.matmul(A0, B0)
Y0.to_global(placement=P1, sbp=y0_sbp)
B1 = flow.randn(8, 6, placement=P1, sbp=b1_sbp)
Y2 = flow.matmul(Y0, B1)
```
​

> In this case, Oneflow will detect the inconsistency and insert an operator between the upstream output and the downstream input to do the relevant conversion work. This type of operator that is automatically added for conversion is called **Boxing operator**。

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this case, Oneflow will detect the inconsistency and insert an operator between the upstream output and the downstream input to do the relevant conversion work. This type of operator that is automatically added for conversion is called **Boxing operator**.
```

​

> The corresponding relationship between the logical diagram and thephysical execution diagram of the above code is as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The corresponding relationship between the logical diagram and the physical execution diagram of the above code is as follows:
```

这类空格，以及以上的标点等问题，是比较不应该的。

​
![](./imgs/sbp_translation.png)
​
## Conclusion
​

> `placement` , `SBP` and `SBP Signature` are the important guarantee of OneFlow distributed global view, which makes OneFlow distributed training as simple as on a single machine single card. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`placement` , `SBP` and `SBP Signature` are the solid foundation of OneFlow distributed global view, which makes OneFlow distributed training as simple as on a single machine single device. 
```

card 比较口语话，中文中没问题，英文里用 device
